
			PYTHON PROGRAMMING Assignment (KCS-453)

1)  Write a python program that takes in two integer input from user and print 
    sum of those numbers.
2)  Write a python program that takes in two integer input from user and print 
    difference of those numbers.
3)  Write a python program that takes in two integer input from user and print 
    product of those numbers.
4)  Write a python program that takes in two integer input from user and print 
    division of those numbers.
5)  Write a python program that takes in two integer input from user and print 
    modulo division of those numbers.
6)  Write a python program to convert the temperature from Centigrade to Fahrenheit.
7)  Write a python program to convert the temperature from Fahrenheit to Centigrade.
8)  Write a python program to find the area and perimeter of rectangle.
9)  Write a python program to find the area and circumference of a circle.
10) Write a python program to find the volume of cylinder and cone.
11) Write a python program to find the area of a triangle whose sides are given.
12) Write a python program to swap two numbers using third variable.
13) Write a python program to swap two numbers without using third variable.
14) Write a python program to find the roots of a quadratic equation.
15) Write a python program to check whether the given number is even or odd.
16) Write a python program to find the largest of two numbers.
17) Write a python program to check whether a year is leap year or not.
18) Write a python program to find the largest of three numbers.
19) A company decides to give bonus to all its employees on Diwali. A 5% bonus on 
    salary is given to the male worker and 10% bonus on salary to the female 
    workers. WAP to enter the salary of the employee and gender of the employee. 
    If the salary of the employee is less than Rs. 10,000 then the employee gets an 
    extra 2% bonus on salary. Calculate the bonus that has to be given to the 
    employee and display the salary that the employee will get.
20) WAP in python to enter the marks of a student in 4 subjects. Then calculate the
    total and aggregate and also display the grade obtained by the student. If the
    student scores an aggregate >= 75%, then the grade is distinction.
        If aggregate is 60>= and <75, then grade = 1st division
        If aggregate is 50>= and <60, then grade = 2nd division
        If aggregate is 40>= and <50, then grade = 3rd division
        else grade is fail.